Open plan updates (#1105)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: docs/faqs/max_execution_time.rst

exception is raised.

.. note::

>    As of August 7, 2023, the ``max_execution_time`` value is based on usage, which is the time that the QPU

Author: ```suggestion
   As of August 7, 2023, the ``max_execution_time`` value is based on job execution time, which is the time that the QPU
```

   # Create the options object with attributes and values
   options = {"max_execution_time": 360}

> You can also find the usage for previously completed jobs by using:

Author: ```suggestion
You can also find the job execution time for previously completed jobs by using:
```

.. code-block:: python

>    # Find the job usage

Author: ```suggestion
   # Find the job execution time
```

>    print(f"Job {job.job_id()} usage was {job.metrics()['usage']['quantum_seconds']} seconds")

Author: ```suggestion
   print(f"Job {job.job_id()} job execution time was {job.metrics()['usage']['quantum_seconds']} seconds")
```

>    print(f"Job {job.job_id()} job execution time was {job.metrics()['usage']['quantum_seconds']} seconds")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   print(f"Job {job.job_id()} job execution time was {job.metrics()['usage']['seconds']} seconds")
```

This apparently returns `seconds` now.

   with Session(max_time="1h"):
       ...

> If you don't specify a session ``max_time``, the system defaults are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify a session ``max_time``, the system defaults are used (see table below).
```

> Additionally, there is an *interactive* timeout value. If there are no session jobs queued within that window, the session is temporarily deactivated and normal job selection resumes. During job selection, if the job scheduler gets a new job from the session and its maximum timeout value has not been reached, the session is reactivated until its maximum timeout value is reached. The interactive timeout value is five minutes for premium users and two seconds for open users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, there is an *interactive* timeout value. If there are no session jobs queued within that window, the session is temporarily deactivated and normal job selection resumes. During job selection, if the job scheduler gets a new job from the session and its maximum timeout value has not been reached, the session is reactivated until its maximum timeout value is reached. The interactive timeout value is based on the plan type:
```

So that we only need to change the table in the future.

.. note:: The timer for the session's ``max_time`` is not paused during any temporary deactivation periods.

+---------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------+
|                     | Primitive programs       | Private programs         |
+=====================+==============+===========+==============+===========+
|                     | Premium user | Open user | Premium user | Open user |
+---------------------+--------------+-----------+--------------+-----------+
| Max time defaults   | 8h           | 15m       | 8h           | N/A       |
+---------------------+--------------+-----------+--------------+-----------+
| Interactive timeout | 5m           | 2s        | 5m           | N/A       |
+---------------------+--------------+-----------+--------------+-----------+

Note that a *premium user* here means a user who has access to backends in providers other than ``ibm-q/open/main``.

.. note::
   Session ``max_time`` is based on wall clock time.

Other limitations
***************************

- Programs cannot exceed 750KB in size.
- Inputs to jobs cannot exceed 64MB in size.

> - Open users are limited to 10 minutes of job execution time per month.  This is the time that the QPU

Author: ```suggestion
- Open plan users are limited to 10 minutes of job execution time per month.  This is the time that the QPU
```

+==============+==================+==============+===========+
| Premium User | Open User        | Premium User | Open User |
+--------------+------------------+--------------+-----------+
| 8h           | 15m              | 8h           | N/A       |
+--------------+------------------+--------------+-----------+

Note that a *premium user* here means a user who has access to backends in providers other than ``ibm-q/open/main``.

.. note::
   Session ``max_time`` is based on wall clock time.

> Additionally, there is an *interactive* timeout value. If there are no session jobs queued within that window, the session is temporarily deactivated and normal job selection resumes. During job selection, if the job scheduler gets a new job from the session and its maximum timeout value has not been reached, the session is reactivated until its maximum timeout value is reached. The interactive timeout value is five minutes for premium users and two seconds for open users.

Reviewer: Can we add this to the table above? So it's easy to do a quick lookup.

***************************

- Programs cannot exceed 750KB in size.
- Inputs to jobs cannot exceed 64MB in size.

> - Open users are limited to 10 minutes of usage per month.  This is the time that the QPU

Author: ```suggestion
- Open users are limited to 10 minutes of job execution time per month.  This is the time that the QPU
```

   complex (including control software, control electronics, QPU, and so on) is engaged in

>    processing the job. 

Reviewer: Can we add some words about one can find the remaining quota on the IQP dashboard?
